Add SIG Apps spotlight (#573)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/blog/2025/sig-apps-spotlight.md

---
layout: blog
title: "Spotlight on SIG Apps"
slug: sig-apps-spotlight-2025
date: 2025-03-05

> author: "Sandipan Panda (Devzero)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
author: "Sandipan Panda (DevZero)"
```

---

In our ongoing SIG Spotlight series, we dive into the heart of the Kubernetes project by talking to
the leaders of its various Special Interest Groups (SIGs). This time, we focus on 
**[SIG Apps](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-apps#apps-special-interest-group)**,
the group responsible for everything related to developing, deploying, and operating applications on

> Kubernetes. [Sandipan Panda](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sandipanpanda)
> ([DevZero](https://www.devzero.io/)) had the pleasure of interviewing [Maciej

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes. [Sandipan Panda](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sandipanpanda)
([DevZero](https://www.devzero.io/)) had the opportunity to interview [Maciej
```

title: "Spotlight on SIG Apps"
slug: sig-apps-spotlight-2025
date: 2025-03-05
author: "Sandipan Panda (DevZero)"
---

In our ongoing SIG Spotlight series, we dive into the heart of the Kubernetes project by talking to
the leaders of its various Special Interest Groups (SIGs). This time, we focus on 
**[SIG Apps](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-apps#apps-special-interest-group)**,
the group responsible for everything related to developing, deploying, and operating applications on
Kubernetes. [Sandipan Panda](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sandipanpanda)
([DevZero](https://www.devzero.io/)) had the opportunity to interview [Maciej
Szulik](https://github.com/soltysh) ([Defense Unicorns](https://defenseunicorns.com/)) and [Janet
Kuo](https://github.com/janetkuo) ([Google](https://about.google/)), the chairs and tech leads of
SIG Apps. They shared their experiences, challenges, and visions for the future of application
management within the Kubernetes ecosystem.

## Introductions

**Sandipan: Hello, could you start by telling us a bit about yourself, your role, and your journey
within the Kubernetes community that led to your current roles in SIG Apps?**

> **Maciej**: Hey, my name is Maciej, and I’m one of the leads for SIG-Apps. Aside from this role, you

Reviewer 2: tiny nit for parallelism with how SIG Apps is written
```suggestion
**Maciej**: Hey, my name is Maciej, and I’m one of the leads for SIG Apps. Aside from this role, you
```

can also find me helping

> [SIG-CLI](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-cli#readme) and also being one of

Reviewer 2: similar tiny nit for parallelism
```suggestion
[SIG CLI](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-cli#readme) and also being one of
```
